powerful necromancer's have used this
once sacred ground to build an army of
the Dead conquering nearby lands legions
of zombies have devoured the living and
given rise to this desolation no man has
traveled here without meeting death
Gabriel now faces his toughest challenge
he now bangs his fists on the very doors
of hell on earth and the Lord who
commands here is listening waiting for
him smiling
it appears that our paths cross once
more but one path must end here I grow
tired of your riddles speak clearly for
once nothing is ever completely clear
warrior you are shrouded in darkness you
act as though blind to the truth let me
enlighten me
let's see how powerful you are without
your magic
take your precious light power back
is this the best you can do
we'll need whole soul shadow magic to
vacate
I
and cherry conquer each other
who won't win unto the lover
why why did you make me fight you
because this is how it must be we must
all make sacrifices in order to find
redemption
no I did not want this I did not ask for
this blood must be spilt for this bath
to be open to you I accept my fate can
you accept yours I am not worthy I am
NOT of pure heart